
My self Sai Krishna, I am currently working for Trysol Global Services as a Sr. DevOps Engineer for a client called macys. This is an application related to maryland Health benefits & Exchange domain. I have overall 7+ years of IT Experience in which 4 years as a Devops enginner.

Over here I'm resposible to setup the CI-CD pipeline for which we are using Jenkins.

I design the groovy script files to trigger all stages of CI-CD where the code is downloaded,built,deployed into QA servers & run the automation test scripts and finally deploy into stagging environment where UAT scripts are executed.

These pipleines are executed for the delivery activites and our sprints are generally scheduled for every 3-4 weeks,
but we have sub sprints that are as small as 2-3 days, these sub sprints could be related to enhancements or bug fixes and during these sub sprints also I need to modify the jenkins files to automate the release process.

I also used docker extensively and I have setup various dev and testing environments using docker compose.I also converted legacy applications into docker based applications by designing the dockerfiles.

I also have experinece in implementing docker at the level of production using both docker swarm and kubernetes.I have firsthand experience in migrating from swarm to Kubernetes cluster.

I also have experince in creating the kubernetes definition files to handle different production related challanges like load balancing,auto scalling,rolling updates,high availability etc.

Our applications are running on a data center that is located in Virginia on approx 2000 servers and I configure these servers using Ansible.
I designed Ansible playbooks and roles to configure applications like apache tomcat, data bases like mysql and even running docker containers remotely using ansible.

I also worked to some extent on setting up the insfractructure on AWS using terraform.
Similary we identified some use cases in jenkins and docker which we have automated using python scripts.
These are the componets on which I worked.
